If you are looking for a new top of the range, you probably want to know which of these two is the best. So in less than five minutes I'll tell you and I want to start by talking about the iPhone 14, which has changed its design a little bit this year to incorporate this new notch that does some really cool things interacting with the content of some applications. But after a while you kind of forget that it's there too at last. And they added the display always on, which is a little bit different to the one we have in Android, but otherwise it's the same as always, although with cameras a little more striking. I have the smaller version and if you are looking for a compact mobile and with an excellent battery, this is possibly the best on the market. But let's be honest, if you're thinking about buying an iPhone it's probably because of its system, which is still a delight to delight to use, especially after of solving some bugs that it came with at launch. But in terms of performance and usability, it's a phone that will last you a few years and also when it comes to playing games you won't have any problem. In addition to this, one of the reasons why you use an iPhone as a content creator is because of its better compatibility with some video applications, such as Instagram or Static. On the left you have a video uploaded with the s 23 ultra and on the right with the iPhone and I believe that it is possible to see the difference in quality. Now, when you buy an iPhone you also you become a prisoner of its ecosystem, since the best accessories are the ones from Apple, such as the Apple Watch, the iPods Pro and in computers the Macs. It's true that you can use Windows and other accessories, but let's say that you will find some limitations like the ones I have found when trying to transfer some videos and pictures to Windows ten pulling. This is a very complete equipment and one that will hardly let you down. It has an excellent screen. I love your speakers, they're great too. The connectivity is good and you know it will last you a long time. Thanks to its good update policy. Already with the Galaxy I would say that things are a bit more fun, with an overall design that's much more much more innovative and attractive. In my opinion, its curved screen on the sides is a luxury to use your system is more open and will allow you to install third-party applications easily, as well as other as well as other little things that we don't find on the iPhone, like the in-display fingerprint reader in-screen fingerprint reader or even the embedded stylus. It is true that its design does not represent a great evolution, but much less does the iPhone and in terms of performance it is no longer behind. Thanks to the new Snapdragon eight Generation Two and its storage ufff, that 4K zero that when you use it in day to day tasks like this, you repeat what you're seeing. It's just fast and with which you also won't have to worry about the deal. Its performance is brutal and one of the best things that came with this processor has been the power optimization, which means it will last you a long time longer and in my opinion, it gets to be better than the iPhone by the simple fact of being compatible with charging up to 45 watts. Regarding the Windows system, I believe it ends up being a matter of taste, but if everything works in a way smooth, fast and trouble-free and with various customizations. Man, I see it well. Now, we have to talk about the camera section. Yes, I'm a little bit divided here because neither one of them is my favorite. The Samsung is better in terms of color rendition and the anvil has makes it more versatile, but on many occasions it tends to overexpose the scene, whereas the iPhone is a bit more constant, but the change of tonality in some colors bothers me, although when we get to video mode I have to give the advantage to the iPhone for the simple fact of being a little better with HDR and against the light. I know I'm not being very detailed about the cameras, but you can see this comparison where I go a little more in depth. Having said all this, I think at the end of the day it all depends on what you need and the ecosystem you prefer, but if you had to choose one, which one would it be? Leave your opinion in the comments. If you want to get into the world of Apple and you don't mind buying their accessories to get the most out of your iPhone, then go ahead. It's a good device and your gadgets are also very good. Otherwise, if like me you use Windows, you like a more open system more open system where you can customize, install third party applications, then the Samsung is the best choice. With both mobiles you will be satisfied and better because they cost more than 1.000 €. and for this price they should be almost perfect and in a way they are. And as I told you at the beginning, this video was going to last less than five minutes, so I'll say goodbye and I'll see you in the next one. Bye, bye.
